okay we're at the max show here in 2012
and I wanted to shoot a little video to
illustrates the answer to a question
that I've pursued the number of times
for email and also through phone calls
and here at the show and that is when
you look at this protein skimmer this is
an AI NS 180 e
protein skimmer and you can see the foam
level is about just above the halfway
mark on the whole reaction chamber so
this is about over 12 inches so it's
about 6 inches down and people have
asked you know how come there's so much
empty space down here and it has to do
with the way the reactor reacts to waste
in the water so what I'm going to do is
I'm going to put some waste in the
system and show you how that little
level changes so of a bucket of protein
waste here let's take this
drop it in the system will happen is
you'll start to see that level go down
so look so we've gone from six inches
down to eight inches we've also see the
schemer trying to come to life up here
we open it up some more
just in the outlet assembly to keep the
foam level too low
it's know you can see that level is
dropped
a good two three inches and that's the
indication that there's more waste in
the system and therefore more bubbles
are being produced smaller bubbles are
being produced you can also see in there
and a lot more micro bubbles being
produced as well so that's a phenomenon
that you'll notice in the system as a
system is it's a new system and you have
a very light bio load the bubbles are
going to be very low in their action
chamber but as the system builds up
waste and more food is imported they get
a lot more foam being produced bubbles
being produced and more foam 8 etcetera
so again as you adjustments to it
and get that level to come up
you're gonna be pushing that phone
number down and see as its remove the
waste in the system see right there
pulling it all out and your bubble
levels gone back up again so just
thought that would be a good way to show
an illustrate how the skimmer reacts to
waste in the water and a bio load or a
heavy bio load versus a light by low so
it's Jeff from the max show 2012 we've
got any questions you can visit us at
WWF dynamics comm or you can call me at
7:07 733 3 4 1 1 or email sales of reef
dynamics calm thanks for tuning in